README.md, before:

## A little about me
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Validark/Validark/master/zig-z.svg" alt="Zig-z" height="22"></sub></sub>](https://github.com/Validark/Accelerated-Zig-Parser) Created an [Accelerated Zig parser](https://github.com/Validark/Accelerated-Zig-Parser) up to 3x faster than the current version 🚀🚀🚀
  - ⚡ [Zig](https://ziglang.org/) is my personal favorite programming language
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://llvm.org/img/LLVM-Logo-Derivative-2.png" alt="LLVM dragon-head logo" height="22"></sub></sub>](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/created_by/Validark) Assembly language theorist
- 📃 Invented a data structure [[demo](https://validark.github.io/DynSDT/demo/), [paper](https://validark.github.io/DynSDT/)] that improves upon prefix trees (i.e. tries) to solve the scored autocomplete problem orders of magnitude faster 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
- [<sub><sub><img width="22" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Validark/Validark/master/rbxts.svg"></sub></sub>](https://roblox-ts.com) Co-Developed the initial version of [roblox-ts](https://roblox-ts.com) with [**@Osyris**<sub>rblx</sub>](https://github.com/osyrisrblx)
    - Created design to [eliminate immediately-invoked function expressions](https://github.com/roblox-ts/roblox-ts/issues/537) (IIFE's)
    - Ask me how to parse and transform your complex type in the TypeScript type-language!
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22812966?s=400&amp;u=f88abb95db683705c4fc526b76a562ae4a21053c&amp;v=4" width="21" alt="@RoStrap"></sub></sub>](https://rostrap.github.io/) Created the [RoStrap](https://rostrap.github.io/) project
    - Certifiable [material design](https://material.io/) enjoyer
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Lua-Logo.svg" alt="Lua" height="22"></sub></sub>](https://www.lua.org/) My first programming language was [Lua](https://www.lua.org/)
    - The `__index` metamethod makes the [Aho-Corasick algorithm](https://gist.github.com/Validark/d493cfd1b3425c2e3073f5ccd08fbeb9) *so* clean!
- [<sub><img width="18" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Validark/Validark/master/itheta_path.svg"></sub>](https://opendsa-server.cs.vt.edu/OpenDSA/Books/Everything/html/AnalLower.html) [Big-Theta](https://opendsa-server.cs.vt.edu/OpenDSA/Books/Everything/html/AnalLower.html) connoisseur
    - Did you know that a priority queue implemented as a [1-2-3 Skip list](https://github.com/Validark/1-2-3-Skip-List) can perform the extract-min operation in amortized constant time?
        - And yes, insertions are still logarithmic! And any other value can be extracted in logarithmic time!


<br>

Click the following image for a demo of my data structure:

[<img src="https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/478347237/17e73ed7-7dd5-4091-975a-3513b02b0183" alt="An image of my prefix trie data structure" height="250em">](https://validark.github.io/DynSDT/demo/)

<br>

<!-- <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Validark&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="Validark_stats" /> -->

<!-- <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Validark&layout=compact" alt="Validark_stats" /> -->


## Favorite talks

|||
|:-:|:-:|
|<h3>[Performance Matters (Strange Loop 2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-TLSBdHe1A&t=458s)</h3>|[<img src="https://github.com/Validark/Validark/assets/15217173/750a4833-e35c-486d-88e9-8f1b5e651c32" alt="Performance Matters (Strange Loop 2019)" height="150em">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-TLSBdHe1A&t=458s)|
|<h3>[Data-Oriented Design and C++](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX0ItVEVjHc)</h3>|[<img src="https://github.com/Validark/Validark/assets/15217173/b1ad7cb1-d233-406f-91d9-6b36d23091e6" alt="Data-Oriented Design and C++" height="150em">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX0ItVEVjHc)|
|<h3>[Practical Data-oriented Design](https://vimeo.com/649009599)</h3>|[<img src="https://github.com/Validark/Validark/assets/15217173/bf653d99-070e-4623-84c4-a49ec7186d64" alt="Practical Data-oriented Design" height="150em">](https://vimeo.com/649009599)|
|||

## Exciting new tech
- [Mill instruction set architecture](https://millcomputing.com/)
  - An in-order statically scheduled architecture that achieves the performance of an out-of-order superscalar with extremely innovative tricks
  - Eats loops like goats eat underwear
- [LuaJIT Remake](https://github.com/luajit-remake/luajit-remake/)
  - Automatically generates a blazingly fast interpreter and multi-level JIT compiler given only a semantic description of a language's bytecodes
- [Pijul version control system](https://pijul.org/)
  - Based on the theory of patches and not slow like DARCS
- [Bun JavaScript runtime](https://bun.sh)
  - Blazingly fast runtime and toolkit for JavaScript

Commit message:

add note about must_be_2_3_continuation

README.md, after:

## A little about me
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Validark/Validark/master/zig-z.svg" alt="Zig-z" height="22"></sub></sub>](https://github.com/Validark/Accelerated-Zig-Parser) Created an [Accelerated Zig parser](https://github.com/Validark/Accelerated-Zig-Parser) up to 3x faster than the current version 🚀🚀🚀
  - ⚡ [Zig](https://ziglang.org/) is my personal favorite programming language
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://llvm.org/img/LLVM-Logo-Derivative-2.png" alt="LLVM dragon-head logo" height="22"></sub></sub>](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/created_by/Validark) Assembly language theorist
  - Reduced the instruction count of `must_be_2_3_continuation` in [simdutf](https://github.com/simdutf/simdutf/pull/365)/[simdjson](https://github.com/simdjson/simdjson/pull/2113) from 6 to 4 on x86-64 (with similarly small improvements on other architectures). Although this sounds trivial, this garnered a 4% performance uplift in utf8 validation!
- 📃 Invented a data structure [[demo](https://validark.github.io/DynSDT/demo/), [paper](https://validark.github.io/DynSDT/)] that improves upon prefix trees (i.e. tries) to solve the scored autocomplete problem orders of magnitude faster 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
- [<sub><sub><img width="22" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Validark/Validark/master/rbxts.svg"></sub></sub>](https://roblox-ts.com) Co-Developed the initial version of [roblox-ts](https://roblox-ts.com) with [**@Osyris**<sub>rblx</sub>](https://github.com/osyrisrblx)
    - Created design to [eliminate immediately-invoked function expressions](https://github.com/roblox-ts/roblox-ts/issues/537) (IIFE's)
    - Ask me how to parse and transform your complex type in the TypeScript type-language!
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22812966?s=400&amp;u=f88abb95db683705c4fc526b76a562ae4a21053c&amp;v=4" width="21" alt="@RoStrap"></sub></sub>](https://rostrap.github.io/) Created the [RoStrap](https://rostrap.github.io/) project
    - Certifiable [material design](https://material.io/) enjoyer
- [<sub><sub><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Lua-Logo.svg" alt="Lua" height="22"></sub></sub>](https://www.lua.org/) My first programming language was [Lua](https://www.lua.org/)
    - The `__index` metamethod makes the [Aho-Corasick algorithm](https://gist.github.com/Validark/d493cfd1b3425c2e3073f5ccd08fbeb9) *so* clean!
- [<sub><img width="18" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Validark/Validark/master/itheta_path.svg"></sub>](https://opendsa-server.cs.vt.edu/OpenDSA/Books/Everything/html/AnalLower.html) [Big-Theta](https://opendsa-server.cs.vt.edu/OpenDSA/Books/Everything/html/AnalLower.html) connoisseur
    - Did you know that a priority queue implemented as a [1-2-3 Skip list](https://github.com/Validark/1-2-3-Skip-List) can perform the extract-min operation in amortized constant time?
        - And yes, insertions are still logarithmic! And any other value can be extracted in logarithmic time!


<br>

Click the following image for a demo of my data structure:

[<img src="https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/478347237/17e73ed7-7dd5-4091-975a-3513b02b0183" alt="An image of my prefix trie data structure" height="250em">](https://validark.github.io/DynSDT/demo/)

<br>

<!-- <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Validark&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="Validark_stats" /> -->

<!-- <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Validark&layout=compact" alt="Validark_stats" /> -->


## Favorite talks

|||
|:-:|:-:|
|<h3>[Performance Matters (Strange Loop 2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-TLSBdHe1A&t=458s)</h3>|[<img src="https://github.com/Validark/Validark/assets/15217173/750a4833-e35c-486d-88e9-8f1b5e651c32" alt="Performance Matters (Strange Loop 2019)" height="150em">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-TLSBdHe1A&t=458s)|
|<h3>[Data-Oriented Design and C++](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX0ItVEVjHc)</h3>|[<img src="https://github.com/Validark/Validark/assets/15217173/b1ad7cb1-d233-406f-91d9-6b36d23091e6" alt="Data-Oriented Design and C++" height="150em">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX0ItVEVjHc)|
|<h3>[Practical Data-oriented Design](https://vimeo.com/649009599)</h3>|[<img src="https://github.com/Validark/Validark/assets/15217173/bf653d99-070e-4623-84c4-a49ec7186d64" alt="Practical Data-oriented Design" height="150em">](https://vimeo.com/649009599)|
|||

## Exciting new tech
- [Mill instruction set architecture](https://millcomputing.com/)
  - An in-order statically scheduled architecture that achieves the performance of an out-of-order superscalar with extremely innovative tricks
  - Eats loops like goats eat underwear
- [LuaJIT Remake](https://github.com/luajit-remake/luajit-remake/)
  - Automatically generates a blazingly fast interpreter and multi-level JIT compiler given only a semantic description of a language's bytecodes
- [Pijul version control system](https://pijul.org/)
  - Based on the theory of patches and not slow like DARCS
- [Bun JavaScript runtime](https://bun.sh)
  - Blazingly fast runtime and toolkit for JavaScript
